I don't want to go to dinner as long as you can apologize.
Brother, there is no need to apologize. It's not my leg's fault, it's fine.
It's not my fault, don't worry about it.
I just want to apologize.
What should I apologize for?
Even sad, I say again, nothing is wrong.
You, please be my cousin and have a plate of tea.
No, I ate the 20,000 yuan today.
Big fan thing, not cute and delicious.
Your brother is unimaginable. I am so angry.
Today he is so difficult to change the clouds to attract
Master apologizes
Yesterday I reminded you to be lucky
Help my good big-eared tribesmen
Which hand did you use just now?
Left hand Right hand Right hand Right hand Right hand
Just like this
I have never regarded the Internet as the Internet
On the contrary, the Internet also took my words seriously.
I feel sorry for you. I said it was no more than three
Which hand did you use to carry me?
Which hand should I condition the most?